Now let's think about creating a panel here on the back some sort of panel with buttons and lights and
things like that that can go on the back here.
To do that I think I'll just go to a new layer and I think I'll create a cube.
So I'll take this and kind of shape it the way I think it might need to go I think I'll do a rectangular
panel here.
I don't need the bottom face once again.
And maybe I'll just select this face on top and extrude and then click and then scale it in a bit and
then extrude and pull downs.
So we've got a little inset panel there and I'll go ahead and add a subdivision surface modifier
and I'll smooth it and let's see about adding some edge loops here.
I'm going to add two edge loops.
Scale them out like so and add two more along here and scale them out to hold the corners and we go
and maybe I'll do two on the rim here.
And maybe two along the side
and scale those out.
All right so now we have a panel that we can use to set our buttons and things.
Let's create a light.
So to create a little light I'm going to begin with cylinder.
I'll take this down to 12 and I don't need any capful for this.
Scale it down.
And all I'm going to do is just take this top edge here scale it in a bit extrude and scale in extrude
and move down.
And then maybe scale into hair here.
So there's the edge of it.
Maybe I'll scale that out a bit more and now I can place a sphere in there a U.V. sphere and scale it
down.
I could always isolate this and get rid of half of it.
I don't need all of this
so I could border select the bottom part here and delete faces
and bring that back.
And then we can go ahead and combine these two objects with control J.
We could add a subdivision surface modifier and now we could add a few edge loops.
So let's drag this up
and there we have a light.
Now we could move this over put it in place
so maybe it's some sort of a blinking light on the back of his jetpack here.
So we can put that in place for now.
Something like that and then how about a button.
We might as well create some sort of a button.
With say cylinder we could add the Caps fill back in with the triangle fan.
I should probably delete these I'll go ahead and add a subdivision surface modifier to
add a few edge loops.
Now let's move this one over into place and see how that looks.
We've got some sort of a button.
We'll put that in place.
I'm not sure where that's going to go and we'll just duplicate these to arrange our panel.
And lastly I think I want some sort of rectangular item as well.
I'll create a cube.
Delete the bottom face.
And also for this we'll probably want to subdivide this as well so I'll add a subdivision surface modifier.
Go through the same process here.
Add a few edge loops
and maybe one or two along here.
OK so there is our rectangular button thing.
So now we have a couple of items that we can play with here.
So what I'll do now is go to the top view and orthographic view and wireframe and just begin figuring
out what I'm going to do with these I think first of all I'll duplicate this and maybe this can be some
sort of a longer panel here.
Maybe we need a light up here.
I don't know something that could blink
something like that's
all.
Take this and move it up here as well.
And then over here we can have a few more little blinking lights type thing and maybe we need one more
of these appear so it's just however you want to do it.
I'm just making something that looks as if it has some sort of purpose something like that.
So that'll be our panel and I'll just select everything in control J and then that will all call this
panel and I'll set the origin to the center of this geometry.
And now if we take a look at everything I get to bring the layers back by pressing shift and click and
there is our panel.
I will rotate it 90 degrees
negative 90 around the X..
Now let's come back here and put it into place.
Now of course it's a little big
0 0 it out in the x I might want to take these edges here and move them back a bit something like that.
And there we go.
Now we've got some sort of panel that just kind of hints that extra detail there.
All right well it looks as if the mech is getting pretty close to being done now.
I think all we need to do is mirror these pieces over and then we begin modeling our environment.